Use telemetryLevel to disable crash reporting (#5970)
microsoft/vscode-docs: docs/supporting/faq.md

> VS Code collects data about any crashes that occur and sends it to Microsoft to help improve our products and services. Read our [privacy statement](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=528096&clcid=0x409) and [telemetry documentation](/docs/getstarted/telemetry.md) to learn more.

Author: ```suggestion
VS Code collects data about any crashes that occur and sends it to Microsoft to help improve our products and services. 

Read our [privacy statement](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=528096&clcid=0x409) and [telemetry documentation](/docs/getstarted/telemetry.md) to learn more.
```

> 

Author: adding a long comment asdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfadsfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfadsfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfadsfasdfasdf1234567890

> If you don't want to send crash data to Microsoft, you can set the `telemetry.telemetryLevel` setting to `off`. Other `telemetryLevel` settings (such as `all` and `error`) will still crash data.

Author: ```suggestion
If you don't want to send crash data to Microsoft, you can set the `telemetry.telemetryLevel` setting to `off`. Other `telemetryLevel` settings (such as `all`, `error`, and `crash`) will still crash data.
```

Author: ```suggestion
If you don't want to send crash data to Microsoft, you can set the `telemetry.telemetryLevel` setting to `off`. Other `telemetryLevel` settings (such as `all`, `error`, or `crash`) will still crash data.
```

Author: asdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdf123456789

> If you don't want to send crash data to Microsoft, you can set the `telemetry.telemetryLevel` setting to `off`. Other `telemetryLevel` settings (such as `all` and `error`) will still crash data.

Author: ```suggestion
If you don't want to send crash data to Microsoft, you can set the `telemetry.telemetryLevel` setting to `off`. If other `telemetryLevel` settings are used (such as `all` and `error`), crash data is sent.
```

> 

Author: ```suggestion
If you don't want to send crash data to Microsoft, you can set the `telemetry.telemetryLevel` setting to `off`. Other `telemetryLevel` settings (such as `all`, `error`, or `crash`) will still crash data.

```

Author: ```suggestion
If you don't want to send crash data to Microsoft, you can set the `telemetry.telemetryLevel` setting to `off`. Other `telemetryLevel` settings (such as `all`, `error`, or `crash`) will still crash data.
blah
```

VS Code collects data about any crashes that occur and sends it to Microsoft to help improve our products and services. Read our [privacy statement](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=528096&clcid=0x409) and [telemetry documentation](/docs/getstarted/telemetry.md) to learn more.

> If you don't want to send crash data to Microsoft, you can set the `telemetry.telemetryLevel` setting to `off`. If other `telemetryLevel` settings are used (such as `all` and `error`), crash data is sent.

Author: ```suggestion
If you don't want to send crash data to Microsoft, you can set the `telemetry.telemetryLevel` setting to `off`. If other `telemetryLevel` settings are used (such as `all` and `error`), crash data is sent.

```

> ## GDPR and VS Code

Author: ```suggestion

## GDPR and VS Code
```
